README.md, before:

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supports%20Terraform%20Version-%3E%3D0.14.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform/blob/v0.14.0/CHANGELOG.md)

## Call For Maintainers

This plugin, along with others like it, is now maintained by the
[HashiVim](http://hashivim.github.io/) organization, which is looking for
additional maintainers and contributors. See the HashiVim home page for
further information.
- - - -
## Overview: vim-terraform

This plugin adds a `:Terraform` command that runs terraform, with tab
completion of subcommands. It also sets up `*.tf`, `*.tfvars`, `.terraformrc`
and `terraform.rc` files to be highlighted as HCL and `*.tfstate` as JSON.

- - - -
## Installation

With [Vim 8 packages](http://vimhelp.appspot.com/repeat.txt.html#packages):

    git clone https://github.com/hashivim/vim-terraform.git ~/.vim/pack/plugins/start/vim-terraform

With [Pathogen](https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen):

    git clone https://github.com/hashivim/vim-terraform.git ~/.vim/bundle/vim-terraform

With [Vundle](https://github.com/VundleVim/Vundle.vim), add the following to `~/.vimrc`:

    Plugin 'hashivim/vim-terraform'


- - - -
## Usage

Allow vim-terraform to align settings automatically with Tabularize.

    let g:terraform_align=1

Allow vim-terraform to automatically fold (hide until unfolded) sections of terraform code. Defaults to 0 which is off.

    let g:terraform_fold_sections=1

Allow vim-terraform to automatically format `*.tf` and `*.tfvars` files with `terraform fmt`.
You can also do this manually with the `:TerraformFmt` command.

    let g:terraform_fmt_on_save=1

Allow vim-terraform to use a custom path for the terraform binary. Defaults to terraform (found in $PATH)

    let g:terraform_binary_path="/usr/local/Cellar/terraform/0.13.5/bin/terraform"

- - - -
## Updating vim-terraform
Note, this is only for maintainers of the `vim-terraform` project.

When a new version of Terraform drops, you can run the following where x.x.x is a version such as 0.11.11

    ./update_automagic.sh x.x.x

At this point, add the modified files to a git branch and open a pull request.

	git checkout -b "feature/update-to-terraform-$VERSION"
	git add $FILE
	git commit -m "Message about update"
	git push

Add another maintainer to the pull request and await confirmation.

- - - -
## Running tests

To run the test suite and verify functionality

    make

- - - -
## Credits

Syntax highlighting and indentation by Kevin Le (@bkad) based on prior work by
Larry Gilbert (@L2G). The rest originally written by Mark Cornick
<https://www.markcornick.com/> and contributors listed below. Licensed under the
ISC license.

Thanks to the following contributors:

-   michael j talarczyk (@mijit)
-   Koji Nakayama (@knakayama)
-   Kris (@kostecky)
-   Okumura Takahiro (@hfm)
-   Paul Forman (@pforman)
-   Lowe Schmidt (@lsc)
-   Mario Kozjak (@mkozjak)

The `:TerraformFmt` command is adapted from
[vim-hclfmt](https://github.com/fatih/vim-hclfmt/blob/master/autoload/fmt.vim).

This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and
contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor
Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

Commit message:

Basic support for nvim-tree-sitter

README.md, after:

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Supports%20Terraform%20Version-%3E%3D0.14.0-blue.svg)](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform/blob/v0.14.0/CHANGELOG.md)

## Call For Maintainers

This plugin, along with others like it, is now maintained by the
[HashiVim](http://hashivim.github.io/) organization, which is looking for
additional maintainers and contributors. See the HashiVim home page for
further information.
- - - -
## Overview: vim-terraform

This plugin adds a `:Terraform` command that runs terraform, with tab
completion of subcommands. It also sets up `*.tf`, `*.tfvars`, `.terraformrc`
and `terraform.rc` files to be highlighted as HCL and `*.tfstate` as JSON.

- - - -
## Installation

With [Vim 8 packages](http://vimhelp.appspot.com/repeat.txt.html#packages):

    git clone https://github.com/hashivim/vim-terraform.git ~/.vim/pack/plugins/start/vim-terraform

With [Pathogen](https://github.com/tpope/vim-pathogen):

    git clone https://github.com/hashivim/vim-terraform.git ~/.vim/bundle/vim-terraform

With [Vundle](https://github.com/VundleVim/Vundle.vim), add the following to `~/.vimrc`:

    Plugin 'hashivim/vim-terraform'


- - - -
## Usage

Allow vim-terraform to align settings automatically with Tabularize.

    let g:terraform_align=1

Allow vim-terraform to automatically fold (hide until unfolded) sections of terraform code. Defaults to 0 which is off.

    let g:terraform_fold_sections=1

Allow vim-terraform to automatically format `*.tf` and `*.tfvars` files with `terraform fmt`.
You can also do this manually with the `:TerraformFmt` command.

    let g:terraform_fmt_on_save=1

Allow vim-terraform to use a custom path for the terraform binary. Defaults to terraform (found in $PATH)

    let g:terraform_binary_path="/usr/local/Cellar/terraform/0.13.5/bin/terraform"
    
Allow vim-terraform to nvim-tree-sitter plugin to show syntax higlights and use folds based on tree-sitter nodes.
To use this feature you have to use NeoVim and install nvim-tree-sitter plugin with tree-sitter-terraform

    let g:terraform_tree_sitter=1

- - - -
## Updating vim-terraform
Note, this is only for maintainers of the `vim-terraform` project.

When a new version of Terraform drops, you can run the following where x.x.x is a version such as 0.11.11

    ./update_automagic.sh x.x.x

At this point, add the modified files to a git branch and open a pull request.

	git checkout -b "feature/update-to-terraform-$VERSION"
	git add $FILE
	git commit -m "Message about update"
	git push

Add another maintainer to the pull request and await confirmation.

- - - -
## Running tests

To run the test suite and verify functionality

    make

- - - -
## Credits

Syntax highlighting and indentation by Kevin Le (@bkad) based on prior work by
Larry Gilbert (@L2G). The rest originally written by Mark Cornick
<https://www.markcornick.com/> and contributors listed below. Licensed under the
ISC license.

Thanks to the following contributors:

-   michael j talarczyk (@mijit)
-   Koji Nakayama (@knakayama)
-   Kris (@kostecky)
-   Okumura Takahiro (@hfm)
-   Paul Forman (@pforman)
-   Lowe Schmidt (@lsc)
-   Mario Kozjak (@mkozjak)

The `:TerraformFmt` command is adapted from
[vim-hclfmt](https://github.com/fatih/vim-hclfmt/blob/master/autoload/fmt.vim).

This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and
contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor
Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.
